README.md, before:

# clox Interpreter

This repository contains an implementation of the `clox` interpreter, based on the book ["Crafting Interpreters"](http://craftinginterpreters.com) by Robert Nystrom. `clox` is a bytecode virtual machine for the Lox programming language, a small, high-level scripting language designed for learning purposes.

This is a personal project driven by my interest in programming languages and compilers. I am using this project as a stepping stone towards understanding compilers and interpreters. It's also my way of furthering my knowledge of C, which means that the code includes (potentially excessive) comments and explanations.

## Features

- High-level scripting language
- Dynamic typing
- Lexical scoping
- First-class functions and closures
- Object-oriented programming with classes and inheritance
- Garbage collection
- Bytecode compilation and execution

## Building and Running

To build and run the `clox` interpreter, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/your_username/clox.git
cd clox
```
2. Compile the project:

```
make
```
3. Run in interactive mode:
```
./bin/clox
```

## Resources

- ["Crafting Interpreters" book](http://craftinginterpreters.com) by Robert Nystrom
- [Lox language documentation](http://craftinginterpreters.com/the-lox-language.html)

Commit message:

Update README.md for clangd config

README.md, after:

# clox Interpreter

This repository contains an implementation of the `clox` interpreter, based on the book ["Crafting Interpreters"](http://craftinginterpreters.com) by Robert Nystrom. `clox` is a bytecode virtual machine for the Lox programming language, a small, high-level scripting language designed for learning purposes.

This is a personal project driven by my interest in programming languages and compilers. I am using this project as a stepping stone towards understanding compilers and interpreters. It's also my way of furthering my knowledge of C, which means that the code includes (potentially excessive) comments and explanations.

## Features

- High-level scripting language
- Dynamic typing
- Lexical scoping
- First-class functions and closures
- Object-oriented programming with classes and inheritance
- Garbage collection
- Bytecode compilation and execution

## Building and Running

To build and run the `clox` interpreter, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/your_username/clox.git
cd clox
```
2. Compile the project:

```
make
```
3. Run in interactive mode:
```
./bin/clox
```

## Generating compile_commands.json (optional)

To generate a `compile_commands.json` file for use with [clangd](https://clang.llvm.org/extra/clangd/), make sure that you install bear and then run the following command:

```
bear -- make
```

## Resources

- ["Crafting Interpreters" book](http://craftinginterpreters.com) by Robert Nystrom
- [Lox language documentation](http://craftinginterpreters.com/the-lox-language.html)
